Sor10874/84 add graphics with symbols kotlin (#750)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: kotlin/add-graphics-with-symbols/README.md

# Add graphics with symbols

Use a symbol style to display a graphic on a graphics overlay.

> ![Add Graphics with Symbols App](add-graphics-with-symbols.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Image of Add graphics with symbols](add-graphics-with-symbols.png)
```

## Use case

Allows you to customize a graphic by assigning a unique symbol. For example, you may wish to display individual graphics for different landmarks across a region, and to style each one with a unique symbol.

## How to use the sample

Pan and zoom around the map. Observe the graphics on the map.

## How it works

> 1. Create a `GraphicsOverlay` and add it to the `MapView`.

Reviewer: We're moving towards 1. 2. 3. 4. now to aid in reading .md unparsed

> 1. Create a `GraphicsOverlay` and add it to the `MapView`.

Reviewer 2: since the PR is open we could change these to 1, 2, 3, 4?
